## Aspen LiDA Updates
// mark
### Account Updates
- Filter Checkouts by source within LiDA itself rather than making additional calls to Discovery APIs for improved performance and reliability. (DIS-209) (*MDN*)
- Filter Holds by source within LiDA itself rather than making additional calls to Discovery APIs for improved performance and reliability. (DIS-390) (*MDN*)
- Automatically refresh the account summary in the account drawer every 5 minutes rather than every 15 minutes to match the frequency in Aspen Discovery. (DIS-391) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Update build scripts in LiDA to use the Android App when updating configuration. (DIS-200) (*MDN*)

// kirstien
### Search Updates
- Added a permanent search box at the top of the Search Results screen to allow patrons to make a new search without going back to the home screen. (DIS-205) (*KK*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### Aspen LiDA Configuration Updates
- Add the ability to configure an Android Icon independently of the iOS icon for LiDA within Branded App Settings. Defaults to iOS icon if not supplied. (DIS-200) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Aspen LiDA > Branded App Settings > Icon for iOS App (renamed from Logo for App Icon)
- Aspen LiDA > Branded App Settings > Icon for Android App
</div>

### API Updates
- When authenticating patrons for LiDA, only validate against the active account profile for the active library. (DIS-374) (*MDN*)

### Install Updates
- Properly install the logrotate configuration file on debian systems. (DIS-366) (*MDN*)

### IP Address Usage
- Make IP Address usage updates atomic to ensure they update accurately when multiple pages load at the same time from the same IP. (DIS-378) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Remove unused AspenLiDASettings class. (DIS-393) (*MDN*)
- Added check to make sure `$catalog` is not null before calling `hasIlsConsentSupport()` in `Library.php`. (DIS-394) (*LS*)

// kirstien

// katherine

// nick

// leo

// imani
### Other Updates
- Allow scrolling in the payflow-link-iframe modal (*IT*) (DIS-334)

// yanjun

// james

// alexander

// chloe

### eCommerce Updates
#### HeyCentric Integration Phase One (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Administrators can set permissions to manage HeyCentric settings at the system level. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Administrators are able to manage HeyCentric settings and assign them to libraries. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Having selected the debts that they wish to settle while on the MyAccount / Fines page, selecting ‘Click to Pay Fines Online’ takes patrons to the HeyCentric payment platform. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- When landing on the HeyCentric payment platform, patrons see the amount they selected to pay while on Aspen reflected on the payment form. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- After completing their payment attempt on HeyCentric, patrons are redirected to Aspen Discovery and land on the MyAccount / Fines page. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- When landing on the MyAccount / Fines page, patrons see a message letting them know whether their payment attempt was successful (approved) or not (declined). (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- If a patron had cancelled their payment attempt while on the HeyCentric platform, they see a message confirming that their payment was indeed cancelled. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Patron can see the impact of the payment made on their debt list and total debt. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)

// lucas
### Other Updates
- Allow staff members to submit a masquerade login as a user using the Enter key (DIS-411) (*LM*)


## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
  - Nick Clemens (WNC)
  - Leo Stoyanov (LS)
  - Imani Thomas (IT)
  - Yanjun Li (YL)

### Grove For Libraries
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Katherine Perdue (KP)

### Nashville Public Library
  - James Staub (JStaub)

### PTFS-Europe
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Chloe Zermatten (CZ)

### Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- 
