## Aspen LiDA Updates
//mark

//kirstien

## Aspen Discovery Updates
//mark
### Boundless Updates
- Handle Adobe PDF and Adobe EPUB media types and treat them as eBooks during indexing. (DIS-497) (*MDN*)

//kirstien

//katherine

//kodi

//alexander

//chloe
### eCommerce Updates
#### HeyCentric integration
##### Public
- Having selected the debts that patrons wish to settle while on the MyAccount / Fines page, patrons can click the ‘Click to Pay Fines Online’ button which takes them to the HeyCentric payment platform. (*CZ*)
- When landing on the HeyCentric payment platform, patrons see the amount they selected to pay while on Aspen to be reflected on the payment form. (*CZ*)
- If patrons are making a payment for more containing more than one line, each of these are display, as well as the total amount. (*CZ*)
- After completing their payment attempt on HeyCentric, patrons are redirected to Aspen Discovery and land on the MyAccount / Fines page. (*CZ*)
- Upon landing on the MyAccount / Fines page, patrons see a message letting them know whether their payment attempt was successful (approved) or not (declined). (*CZ*)
- If a patron had cancelled their payment attempt while on the HeyCentric platform, they see a message confirming that their payment was cancelled. (*CZ*)
- Additionally, if a payment was successful, the relevant fines or debts are updated in the ILS and the MyAccount / Fines page in Aspen is reloaded to reflect this. (*CZ*)
##### Staff
- Administrators can set permissions to manage HeyCentric settings at the system level. (*CZ*)
- Administrators with the right permissions can:
  - manage HeyCentric settings and assign them to libraries. (*CZ*)
  - select which settings fields are to be included when generating the hash. (*CZ*)
  - select which settings fields are to be included when generating the payment URL. (*CZ*)
  - see if Aspen will assign a value to a URL parameter by default by consulting the tooltip for the 'Value to assign to this URL parameter if known' setting. (*CZ*)
  - set a specific value to be assigned a given URL parameter based on the active HeyCentric setting. (*CZ*)
  - assign the values stored in a specific Koha ILS database and fields to a given URL parameter, including additional fields. (*CZ*)


//nick

//leo

//imani

//yanjun

//jason (equinox)

//lucas

//tomas

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
  - Nick Clemens (WNC)
  - Leo Stoyanov (LS)
  - Imani Thomas (IT)
  - Yanjun Li (YL)

### Equinox Open Library Initiative
  - Jason Boyer (JBoyer)

### Grove For Libraries
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Katherine Perdue (KP)
  - Kodi Lein (KL)

### PTFS-Europe
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Chloe Zermatten (CZ)

### Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)
  - Tomás Cohen Arazi (TC)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Kate Lozyk (ByWater Solutions)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- 
