## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### Polaris Updates
- Automatically deactivate any pickup areas that no longer exist within Polaris. (DIS-1326) (*MDN*) 

### User List Updates
- Correct generating covers for a list if the cover for a list entry cannot be loaded either because it doesn't exist or because it is invalid. (DIS-1315) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Fix notice when no results are found for a search and Talpa is not enabled. (DIS-1316) (*MDN*)

//kirstien

//katherine

//kodi

//myranda

//leo
### User List Updates
- Added the following sorting options: (DIS-1161) (*LS*)
  - Publication Date (Oldest First) and Publication Date (Newest First): Uses 4-digit years and entries with invalid years are sorted to the end.
  - Call Number: Sort ILS records by call number then shelf location and place other record types at bottom.
  - Availability (Available First) and Availability (Unavailable First): Sort by total number of available or unavailable copies, respectively.
  - Number of Copies (Most First) and Number of Copies (Least First): Sort by total number of available copies across all items within a Grouped Work.
- Added Format filtering, such that when a format is chosen, only record manifestations corresponding to that format display in the list. (DIS-1161) (*LS*)
  - The new sort options respect Format filtering, thus only sorting by the formats chosen.

//yanjun

//imani

//alexander

//chloe

//lucas


## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
- Leo Stoyanov (LS)
- Yanjun Li (YL)
- Imani Thomas (IT)

### Cape Libraries Automated Materials Sharing (CLAMS)
- Brendan Lawlor (BL)

### Grove For Libraries
- Mark Noble (MDN)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
- Katherine Perdue (KP)
- Myranda Fuentes (MAF)

### Open Fifth
- Alexander Blanchard (AB)

### Theke Solutions
- Lucas Montoya (LM)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Tricia Andrews (Metropolitan Library System)
- Kris Becker (Jackson County Library System)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- 