## Aspen LiDA Updates
// mark

// kirstien

## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### MARC Record Display 
- Update MARC record display to preserve the order of subfields within the display rather than displaying subfields alphabetically. (DIS-626) (*MDN*)
- Separate subfields within the 245 with spaces to match cataloging conventions. (DIS-666) (*MDN*)

### Search Updates
- Update the "Appears on these lists" section within search results to only show lists based on the Public Lists to Include setting for the active library or location. (DIS-490) (*MDN*)
- Update the "Appears on these lists" section within search results to show lists created at the active library before other lists. (DIS-490) (*MDN*)

### Series Updates
- Trim author for a series to 500 characters if it exceeds that length. (DIS-664) (*MDN*)

### User List Search Updates
- Correct sorting by date added and date updated in descending orders. (DIS-136) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Display full title as alt text and title for the image within browse category results and for the grid view. (DIS-663) (*MDN*)

### Talpa Updates
- Prevent bots from indexing Talpa data (DIS-722) (*MDN*)
- Correct debug error in sidebar if tryThisSearchInTalpaSidebarSwitch is disabled. (DIS-722) (*MDN*)
- Add talpa.less file to automatically incorporate talpa css in main css file. (DIS-722) (*MDN*)

// katherine

// kirstien

// kodi

// ian

// imani
### CloudLibrary Updates
- Fixed incorrectly displaying successful checkout when checkout limit in CloudLibrary had been reached. (DIS-593) (*IT*)
### API Updates
- renewItem route in UserAPI updated to check for the interLibraryLoanName from settings as a potential source (DIS-704) (*IT*)

// leo
### Browse Categories Updates
- Fixed an issue where expired subcategories briefly showed up on the homepage when you opened it, as they were loaded first and removed a moment later by JavaScript. (DIS-332) (*LS*)
### Cover Images Updates
- Force reloads on book and list covers when no source is provided, ensuring up-to-date images are shown. (DIS-690) (*LS*)
### Events Updates
- Ensured the Springshare LibCal event indexer updates existing events when reprocessing deleted events, avoiding duplicate‑entry SQL errors. (DIS-705) (*LS*)
### Side Loads Updates
- Updated the "Usage Dashboard" breadcrumb link to point to the correct path. (DIS-679) (*LS*)
- Filtered "Records Accessed Online" usage graphs to display data specific to each side load. (DIS-679) (*LS*)
### Syndetics Updates
- The Syndetics Key field will no longer be hidden under a Syndetics Setting when Syndetics Unbound is enabled; they key is required for cover images. (DIS-675) (*LS*)
### SSO Updates
- Fixed an issue where users were not properly redirected back to the page they were viewing before a successful SSO. (DIS-631) (*LS*)
- Enhanced session handling to maintain state during AJAX operations when setting return-to locations. (DIS-631) (*LS*)
- Improved SSO redirect behavior to preserve the exact search parameters and page position when logging in from search results. (DIS-631) (*LS*)
### Themes Updates
- The theme edit page now hides the current theme from the "Extends Theme" dropdown to prevent selecting itself. (DIS-653) (*LS*)
- Themes can no longer be saved with invalid parent themes; self-references and missing parent themes are automatically cleared. (DIS-653) (*LS*)
- Resolved an issue where placard images were sometimes cut off and did not fill their designated space in terms of height. (DIS-699) (*LS*)
- Added a new theme setting under "Placards" in the Theme editor, allowing users to optionally set a maximum display height (in pixels) for placard images. (DIS-699) (*LS*) 
### Koha Updates
- Corrected an issue where Aspen might not assign the right purchase suggestion permissions if Koha patron category names were similar (e.g., 'FRIEND' and 'NUFRIEND'). (DIS-495) (*LS*)
- Fixed failed user object insertions into the DB when accounts were automatically registered with Koha during SSO. (DIS-662) (*LS*)
- Enhanced patron type importation to automatically set the account profile of the new patron type based on the existing indexing profile. (DIS-634) (*LS*)
### Other Updates
- Fixed duplicate alert boxes on the SSO Settings page. (DIS-652) (*LS*)
- If no account profile is found with the `name` set in the Indexing Profile, the patron type will not be imported, and an error will be logged in the Indexing Logs. (DIS-634) (*LS*)
- Updated logic to ensure publication details, editions, and ISBNs/ISSNs display correctly under "More Details" when they are not set to be displayed in the top detail section. (DIS-622) (*LS*)
- Changed `.browse-thumbnail` CSS rule from `display: inline-block` to `display: inline-flex` to properly align items within the grid without affecting masonry layouts. (DIS-114) (*LS*)
- Added existence check for `'patronIdCheck'` when editing an object. (DIS-648) (*LS*)
- Ensured physical descriptions containing abbreviations of "p." display correctly without unintended word changes (e.g., "strap." no longer becomes "strapages."). (DIS-694) (*LS*)
### Messages Settings Updates
- Fixed an issue where error and success messages were not displaying when modifying Messages Settings. (DIS-719) (*LS*)
- Added error messages relating to SSO and new-user behavior when attempting to modify Messages Settings. (DIS-719) (*LS*)
### User Lists Updates
- Corrected an issue where public user lists created by certain users were not appearing in search results, even when marked as searchable. These lists will now be indexed correctly based on system settings. (DIS-697) (*LS*)
### Polaris Updates
- Corrected item‑level holds in the Polaris ILS driver to locate variation‑specific item barcodes and volume numbers properly. (DIS-692) (*LS*)

// yanjun
### Sierra Updates
- Add more flexible address state and zip format parsing for Sierra Patrons Contact Information. (DIS-540) (*YL*)
- Update the User-Agent header to identify Aspen Discovery in Sierra API requests. (DIS-635) (*YL*)
### eCommerce Updates
- Round the amount to pay for fines to 2 decimal places to prevent issues with floating point precision. (DIS-640) (*YL*)

// james
### Holds Updates
- Fix invisible-to-user AJAX error when 'volume' not present in hold request. (*JStaub*)

// alexander
## Community Engagement
- Added the required attribute to the reward for completing a campaign on the campaign object to prevent attempts at saving without this field. (DIS-605) (*AB*)
- Added a weight column to the campaign milestone table to allow sorting in the Bento box to remain on save. (DIS-606) (*AB*)

// chloe
### Koha integration - Privacy Settings Updates
- Improve error handling so that informative error messages are displayed to the user on page load for MyAccount/MyPrivacySettings. (DIS-645) (*CZ*)
### Koha integration - Newsletter Consent Updates
- Prevent errors being displayed to the user: prevent 'PUT' requests being sent instead 'GET' requests by adding a method allowing to reset the CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST option to the CurlWrapper class. (DIS-644) (*CZ*)
### Privacy Settings Updates
- When launching the /MyAccount/MyPrivacySettings page, if the current action is ‘save’, return immediately after the redirect to prevent unecessart methods being called and errors being generated. (*CZ*)

// jacob

// lucas
### Docker
- Fix: Make the backend wait for the database service between sudden restarts. (DIS-713) (*LM*)  
- Fix : Make data persist correctly between restarts and recreate symbolic links. (DIS-710) (*LM*)

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
- Leo Stoyanov (LS)
- Yanjun Li (YL)
- Imani Thomas (IT)
- Ian Walls (IW)

### Grove For Libraries
- Mark Noble (MDN)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
- Katherine Perdue (KP)
- Kodi Lein (KL)

### Library Thing
- Lauren Przywara (LP)
- Chris Catalfo (CC)
- Abby Blachly (AbbyB)

### Nashville Public Library
- James Staub (JStaub)

### Open Fifth
- Alexander Blanchard (AB)
- Chloe Zermatten (CZ)
- Jacob O'Mara (JOM)

### Theke Solutions
- Lucas Montoya (LM)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)

## This release includes sponsored developments from

